Russell Miller -- CS300 -- Assignment 2 -- MailSender

So this document is titled WTFs Per Minute because as the T.A. Kevin pointed
out, code is best measured by how well it is understood by others. That is why I
decided to add this brief description of why I did some things the way I did.

First of all, I did not use any non-standard libraries for this program. There 
were some mentioned, but because of the fact that I would not only have to
learn how they work but also get them installed. Not only that, when other 
people are running my program they will also have to install it. Depending on 
the system you're using it may or may not be available. So to make life easy 
in that sense everything I used is either standard C or C++ libraries.

Which brings me to my next point, which is that there is C in this program. I
kept it minimal, but using sys/socket.h seemed like the most direct way to have
a simple connection to an SMTP server like he was describing. Everything we
needed to do so was built in to the requirements. Once you've built that RFC822
text file, you can easily use socket.h function calls to start talking SMTP.

I did add several private functions to my class, as well as merged the parsing
in to it. I do not feel that these responsibilities were distinguishable. It is
a very encapsulated command to send this file, and can be done in one class.
This made for simple setting of class members as well.
The reason I prefer private functions is the DRY principle. Don't Repeat
Yourself. Rather than just having a parse function and a send function, I have
broken the work down into smaller, repetitive tasks and parse makes calls to its
two utility functions that use find and substr in the same way multiple times.
Send is the same way with its utility function to handle each SMTP message.

I did not use exception handling. I have been told many times not to do so with
C++ and honestly it is easier to just check return values of functions. I don't
know all of the details any more, but my code is rather durable because of the
extensive error checking I have included, with verbose messages for different
circumstances.
